---
layout: main
---
## The Radical AI Network

We are members of the Radical AI Network, a decentralized network of
<i>self-identified radical AI folks</i>, learning and striving to expose how AI
rearranges power and dream up and build human/AI systems by-and-for the people.
We came together because we believe our capacity expands when we find
intellectual kin, share visions and strategies, deepen our radical AI work
together, and organize. The network connects through a Slack space; to request
to join, email a little about yourself to <a
href="mailto:the.radical.ai.network@gmail.com">the.radical.ai.network@gmail.com</a>

We recognize that what we have written here — this digital artifact — is
strengthened and limited by our own identities and experiences. The Radical AI
Network was originally formed by researchers and research-adjacent folks who
saw a clear thread from their experiences of marginalization <i>and</i>
solidarity to their understanding of tech as marginalizing <i>and</i> perhaps
having radical potential. Today, the Radical AI Network includes members with
varying identities and privileges and varying degrees of power. Many of us are
AI researchers, data scientists, and interdisciplinary and critical scholars;
some of us are artists and community-builders. Many of us are affiliated with
universities and companies, which often have oppressive histories and ongoing
ties to mass surveillance. These are precisely the oppressive AI systems we
seek to dismantle. We recognize our perspectives are always limited and
changing. We recognize that the Radical AI Network, this digital artifact, and
our understanding of radical AI are all incomplete and always evolving.

<i>Last updated: summer 2020.</i>
